## 9/14/2019

- [ ] [Arthur C. Clarke - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arthur_C._Clarke)

- [ ] [Artificial intelligence - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Artificial_intelligence)

- [ ] [Bill Richardson - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bill_Richardson)

- [ ] [Cryptanalysis of the Enigma - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cryptanalysis_of_the_Enigma)

- [ ] [Goodâ€“Turing frequency estimation - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Good%E2%80%93Turing_frequency_estimation)

- [ ] [Hugh Sebag-Montefiore - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hugh_Sebag-Montefiore)

- [ ] [Jeffrey Epstein - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeffrey_Epstein#Virginia_Roberts)

- [ ] [Neri Oxman - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neri_Oxman)

- [ ] [Technological singularity - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Technological_singularity#Intelligence_explosion)

- [ ] [The Guardian - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Guardian)

## 9/15/2019

- [ ] [Abhijit Banerjee - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abhijit_Banerjee)

- [ ] [Arctic - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arctic)

- [ ] [Arctic Ocean - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arctic_Ocean)

- [ ] [Bereitschaftspotential - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bereitschaftspotential)

- [ ] [Esther Duflo - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Esther_Duflo)

- [ ] [Fire of Moscow (1812) - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fire_of_Moscow_(1812))

- [ ] [First inauguration of Theodore Roosevelt - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/First_inauguration_of_Theodore_Roosevelt)

- [ ] [Helix - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Helix)

- [ ] [Icebreaker - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Icebreaker)

- [ ] [John Eccles (neurophysiologist) - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Eccles_(neurophysiologist))

- [ ] [Jojo Rabbit - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jojo_Rabbit)

- [ ] [Mormonism - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mormonism)

- [ ] [Narwhal - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Narwhal)

- [ ] [Nicholas Kristof - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nicholas_Kristof)

- [ ] [Nonfiction - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nonfiction)

- [ ] [Poor Economics - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poor_Economics)

- [ ] [Prince Andrew, Duke of York - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prince_Andrew,_Duke_of_York)

- [ ] [Prince Andrew, Duke of York - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prince_Andrew,_Duke_of_York)

- [ ] [Whiskers - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whiskers)


## 10/9/2019

- [ ] [Convolution - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Convolution)

- [ ] [Decision tree learning - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Decision_tree_learning)

- [ ] [Degrees of freedom (statistics) - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Degrees_of_freedom_(statistics)#Effective_degrees_of_freedom)

- [ ] [Empirical Bayes method - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Empirical_Bayes_method)

- [ ] [Information field theory - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Information_field_theory#Critical_filter)

- [ ] [Isotonic regression - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Isotonic_regression)

- [ ] [Kernel regression - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kernel_regression)

- [ ] [Kriging - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kriging)

- [ ] [Local regression - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Local_regression)

- [ ] [Maximum a posteriori estimation - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maximum_a_posteriori_estimation)

- [ ] [Multivariate adaptive regression spline - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multivariate_adaptive_regression_spline)

- [ ] [Multivariate normal distribution - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multivariate_normal_distribution)

- [ ] [Nonparametric regression - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nonparametric_regression)

- [ ] [Nonparametric regression - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nonparametric_regression)

- [ ] [Nonparametric statistics - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nonparametric_statistics)

- [ ] [Parametric model - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parametric_model)

- [ ] [Quantile regression - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quantile_regression)

- [ ] [Quantile regression - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quantile_regression)

- [ ] [Regression analysis - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Regression_analysis)

- [ ] [Roger Koenker - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roger_Koenker)

- [ ] [Semiparametric regression - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Semiparametric_regression)

- [ ] [Semiparametric regression - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Semiparametric_regression)

- [ ] [Smoothing spline - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smoothing_spline)

- [ ] [Wolfram Mathematica - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wolfram_Mathematica)

Why Nations Fail - Wikipedia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Why_Nations_Fail

Environmental determinism - Wikipedia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Environmental_determinism

Category:Human geography - Wikipedia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Human_geography

States and Power in Africa - Wikipedia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/States_and_Power_in_Africa

Category:Books about Africa - Wikipedia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Books_about_Africa

Category:2012 non-fiction books - Wikipedia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:2012_non-fiction_books

Category:History books about civilization - Wikipedia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:History_books_about_civilization

Category:Books about wealth distribution - Wikipedia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Books_about_wealth_distribution

Comparative politics - Wikipedia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comparative_politics

William Easterly - Wikipedia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William_Easterly

The Elusive Quest for Growth - Wikipedia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Elusive_Quest_for_Growth

The Wealth and Poverty of Nations - Wikipedia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Wealth_and_Poverty_of_Nations

IQ and the Wealth of Nations - Wikipedia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IQ_and_the_Wealth_of_Nations

Richard Lynn - Wikipedia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_Lynn

Immanuel Wallerstein - Wikipedia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Immanuel_Wallerstein

Arvind Subramanian - Wikipedia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arvind_Subramanian

Endogeneity (econometrics) - Wikipedia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Endogeneity_(econometrics)

Modernization theory - Wikipedia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Modernization_theory

Robert Barro - Wikipedia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_Barro

Xavier Sala-i-Martin - Wikipedia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Xavier_Sala-i-Martin

Professor Sir Paul Collier: Why social science should integrate culture and how to do it - YouTube
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M0t4uq-gpUA



---



## 10/12/2019

- [ ] [Alan Krueger - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alan_Krueger)

- [ ] [BBVA Foundation Frontiers of Knowledge Awards - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BBVA_Foundation_Frontiers_of_Knowledge_Awards)

- [ ] [Christoph M. Schmidt - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christoph_M._Schmidt)

- [ ] [Difference in differences - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Difference_in_differences)

- [ ] [Frisch Medal - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frisch_Medal)

- [ ] [Jesse Rothstein - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jesse_Rothstein)

- [ ] [John Bates Clark Medal - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Bates_Clark_Medal)

- [ ] [Labour economics - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Labour_economics)

- [ ] [Michael Greenstone - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Greenstone)

- [ ] [Minimum wage - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Minimum_wage)

- [ ] [Philip Oreopoulos - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philip_Oreopoulos)

- [ ] [Phillip Levine - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phillip_Levine)

- [ ] [Richard Blundell - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_Blundell)

- [ ] [Richard T. Ely - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_T._Ely)

- [ ] [Thomas Lemieux - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas_Lemieux)
